d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\UserManager.Tests.dll.config
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\UserManager.Tests.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\UserManager.Tests.pdb
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\UserManager.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\UserManager.pdb
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\obj\Debug\UserManager.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\obj\Debug\UserManager.Tests.dll
d:\users\kienpham\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\obj\Debug\UserManager.Tests.pdb
D:\Users\KienPham\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
D:\Users\KienPham\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
D:\Users\KienPham\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UserManager\UserManager.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
